Before, we had the written watchtower, but I couldn't understand it.
In the meeting, I couldn't really grasp everything either,
so I didn't feel confident to raise my hand in comment.
I tried to study the magazine, but I couldn't understand it,
and neither could the other deaf brothers.
At the meetings, it was frustrating not being able to understand.
From the very beginning, we saw Jehovah's Hand in Matters.
In 1996, we went from being a small group to a congregation,
and then more groups were formed in different parts of the country,
and later even assemblies were interpreted in proven sign language.
However, we realized that our deaf brothers and sisters
couldn't progress any further,
and this was because they didn't have an official translation
of the watchtower magazine in their own language.
The deaf wanted to participate in the meetings,
but they always had to rely on us to understand the publications.
It was just so frustrating for them.
A lot of them didn't even want a copy of the publication
because they felt powerless to understand it.
For many years, the deaf brothers begged,
please, we want the watchtower.
We need to prepare in our own language.
We even received videos from different parts of the country
saying, ask the branch committee, the governing body,
we need the watchtower, please.
When the letter arrived saying,
yes, you can translate the watchtower.
We were jumping with joy.
We wanted to shout out loud and tell them,
brothers, here is your watchtower.
But we had to control ourselves and wait
for the moment of the official announcement
when Jehovah would say, here's your gift, the watchtower.
When they made the announcement about the new watchtower
in sign language, the brothers were jumping out of their seats.
The whole place was just electric.
Everyone was cheering.
The watchtower in Peruvian sign language?
Wow, I was so happy I started to cry.
There are many benefits from having the watchtower in Peruvian sign.
The brothers can download it from the website
two months ahead of time and prepare without stress.
Another excellent benefit is now the elders who are deaf,
can study, understand the watchtower,
and prepare in order to conduct it at the meeting
because it's in their own language.
Now, not only can our deaf brothers and sisters
receive their own spiritual food directly
from the official translation of the watchtower magazine,
but even better, they receive the spiritual food
at the same time as any other language group in the world.
When I view the watchtower,
I can understand everything.
My heart is overflowing with happiness.
I'm so thankful to Jehovah for this support.
What I'm learning now is helping me to progress spiritually.
I am very happy that now I can deepen my friendship with Jehovah.
Now that we have the watchtower in Peruvian sign language,
I'm so excited and it touches my heart.
It's the best feeling in the world
that all my deaf brothers and sisters can understand just like I can.
The spiritual light is progressively getting brighter
and brighter for us.
It's obvious that Jehovah's spirit is guiding the work.
At last, this light is reaching our hearts.
Now all the deaf and pruer benefitting from this blessing.
We are so, so thankful to you, Jehovah.